I'd like to see what disaster it can cause
Where is the marching leader?
Chen Zhan
You lead the march immediately
Give me all the persimmons that made trouble outside the palace gate
catch
Your Majesty, absolutely not
Why not?
Dear name
It is the way of the king
The prince knocked on the magpie and asked for his order
Your Majesty should listen carefully to the persuasion
I am the Son of Heaven who should bestow martial justice
I will kill those who see
Killing 500 people doesn't determine what Sima Shi is doing
Climb out and catch people
Chen Zunzhi, wait a minute.
What is the name of the person taking the lead outside the palace gate?
Is it Chen Yong?
Arrest him first and chop him up
His Majesty Chen Yongnai Guozi Sword Sacrifice Wine
Greater than Wenkui
Kill him for fear that the Son of Heaven will not agree
He took the lead in saying this bad thing as a wine sacrifice for Guozi Sword
It's okay to cut it
Kill the chicken and respect the monkey
Chen Zhenzi